Addressing editorial suggestions from mguetschow (#14)
cbor-wg/cbor-packed: draft-ietf-cbor-packed.md

: A reference that combines a shared argument with a rump item as
  defined in {{sec-referencing-argument-items}}.

Rump:
: The data item contained in an argument reference that is combined
  with the argument to yield the reconstruction.

Straight reference:
: An argument reference that uses the argument as the left-hand side
  and the rump as the right-hand side.

Inverted reference:
: An argument reference that uses the rump as the left-hand side
  and the argument as the right-hand side.

Function tag:
: A tag used in an argument reference for the argument (straight
  references) or the rump (inverted references), causing the

>   application of a function indicated by the function tag to
>   reconstruct the data item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  application of a function indicated by the function tag during
  reconstruction of the data item.
```

Author: The old text (which might be embellished by "in order to") was a bit clearer that the reconstruction is the aim of the function application; and not just something that happens at the same time.

Reviewer: That makes it indeed clearer, thanks!
